Jasmin Mercer (She/Her)
Feb 28 12:45pm

Hey Ollie. I think the images you've included in your posts are perfect and help with explaining the content. 
I'm wondering if making "learning" and "performing" under your "circular breathing" section, strong h2 tags, 
like you did with the following section, might make it a little easier to read. 
I can tell you've put a lot of time and effort into your website. 
Personally, my navigation menu is a mess but I like how yours flows well with every page!

Updates: Learning and Performing are not meant to be new sections, but rather part of Other Techniques --> Circular Breathing. 
I did notice, however, that I had not bolded them like I did for other sections, so I fixed that. 
I think that may have been Jasmin's intended observation, but mistook bold text for h2 tags.


April Sykes
Feb 28 5pm

First off, a huge thank you for sharing your knowledge on the bassoon. 
I genuinely learned quite a bit I never knew before. 
I'm aware that all our websites are perpetual works in progress, so please understand my critiques are in the spirit of constructive feedback. 
The bassoon header image is a winner for me. 
It sets the stage perfectly, letting anyone landing on the site instantly know what it's all about. 
However, I did find the homepage a bit heavy on information, leading to quite a bit of scrolling. 
My suggestion would be to streamline the home page to embrace a more minimalist design ethos. 
It seems to me that detailed content on notes, half holes, quarter holes, and scales could potentially be given its own space, 
perhaps on a separate page. This could help declutter the homepage and make the overall site feel more organized. 
Implementing drop-down menus could significantly enhance user navigation, given the wide range of categories you're covering, 
such as breathing techniques, practice methods, multiphonics, and articulation. 
This approach would neatly categorize the wealth of information you're offering, making it more accessible to users. 
I must say, you appear to have a deep well of knowledge about the bassoon, 
and the complexity with which you delve into the subject is impressive. 
The consistency in color scheme across the site is commendable, 
but perhaps adding a background underneath the font could offer a nice visual break from the default white background, 
adding a layer of sophistication to the text presentation. 
Overall, you're doing a fantastic job! My feedback is aimed at enhancing what is already a great resource for bassoon enthusiasts.

Updates: Added a Playing page for all the technique stuff that was previously on the Home page. 
To fix the lack of content on the Home page, I will add videos/audio from YouTube and openverse of bassoon excerpts and of famous
bassoonists playing. Added a grey background to certain grid items and lists to break up the white background (Reeds and History pages).


Ollie Schmick
Feb 28 5:09pm

Thank you for the good feedback! I was actually thinking of drop down menus for the homepage and reeds page because they are so long. 
Unfortunately, for the purpose of my website, I can't really cut down on content without sacrificing quality, 
but I like your suggestion of moving some stuff off the homepage to another page. 
That had been what I originally did, but then I was worried that the homepage was pretty bare with no content.
And for the text background, are you suggesting something like a light gray background? I think that's a good idea. 
I wanted to a add a third color to break up all the white but I was struggling to make it work.